Sun May 26 15:58:19 2024

This is the current process I go through to publish a new release.
See notes under install for more information about how the installers work.
See notes under web for more information about how Hugo and rclone work.

1) Refresh the web site

This is not usually necessary unless page content changes.
Go to web/circularlabs, make the changes, use hugo.exe to rebuild
the site, use rclone.exe to copy it to Midphase.


2) Build the application and plugins

Do a clean rebuild of the UI and MobiusPlugin Juce projects.
Be sure to bump the build number in Supervisor.h

The installer builders must have BOTH the standalone app and
the plugin binaries.


3) Build the Windows installer

Make any necessary adjustments to install/windows/MobiusInstaller.iss.
This may be done manually with a text editor or under the Inno app.
Use the Inno app to compile MobiusSetup.exe

The result is left in install/windows/Output/MobiusSetup.exe


4) Build the Mac installer

This is more complicated because of the inclusion of the mobius.xml
and other support files inside the Mobius.app application bundle.

From a Mac shell, go to the "install" directory under the
UI source tree and run the mac-prepare-payload.sh script.

This copies mobius.xml and other support files into the Juce build
directory, under the Mobius.app application bundle.  

Run the build-installer.sh script.

This uses a combination of the pkgbuild and productbuild
tools to produce a set of .pkg files.  Only mobius.pkg is
the "product" distribution package that is to be uploaded.
The others are individual packages for the app and the pugins
that are included in the produce package.


5) Upload the installers

Use Filezilla on both the Windows and Mac development machines

Mac Filezilla is still in the Downloads folder, copy it to /Applications or something...

They need to go in public_html/circularlabs.com

or hairycrazyants.com during the pre-release period

---

Mac won't allow a .pkg to open without allowing it.

Click the ? on the popup window.
Follow the instructions: Open Privacy & Security Settings.
Scroll down to "Security", there should be an entry with
text like "Mobius.pkg was blocked from use..." and a button
that says "Open Anyway".

